Add new features doc: sample_lost and sample_rejected (#370)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/core/status/status.rst

This status changes every time a new data sample is lost and will never be received.
See |SampleLostStatus-api|.

> Depending on the |DataReaderQos::reliability-api|, "lose a sample" meaning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two different criteria for considering a sample as lost depending on the |DataReaderQos::reliability-api|:
```

> * On |BEST_EFFORT_RELIABILITY_QOS-api|, each not received sample is lost when there is received a sample with a greater
>   sequence number.

Reviewer: Mind that I'm not taking into account the line lengths of my suggestions
```suggestion
* When using |BEST_EFFORT_RELIABILITY_QOS-api|, a not yet received sample is considered lost whenever a sample with a greater sequence number is received.
```

> * On |RELIABLE_RELIABILITY_QOS-api|, a sample is lost when it was not received and the DataWriter informs through a
>   HEARTBEAT that it is not more available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using |RELIABLE_RELIABILITY_QOS-api|, a not yet received sample is considered lost whenever the :class:`DataWriter` informs, through an RTPS ``HEARTBEAT`` submessage, that the sample is not available anymore.
```

This status changes every time a new data sample is lost and will never be received.
See |SampleLostStatus-api|.

Depending on the |DataReaderQos::reliability-api|, "lose a sample" meaning:

* On |BEST_EFFORT_RELIABILITY_QOS-api|, each not received sample is lost when there is received a sample with a greater
  sequence number.
* On |RELIABLE_RELIABILITY_QOS-api|, a sample is lost when it was not received and the DataWriter informs through a
  HEARTBEAT that it is not more available.

> Also for |VOLATILE_DURABILITY_QOS-api| late-joiner readers, all previous samples to the matching are considered lost.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also for |VOLATILE_DURABILITY_QOS-api| late-joiner |DataReaders|, all previous samples to the matching are considered lost.
```

  Handle to the last instance whose sample was rejected.
  If no sample was ever rejected, it will have value ``c_InstanceHandle_Unknown``.

.. _dds_layer_core_status_sampleRejectedStatusKind:

SampleRejectedStatusKind
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Samples are rejected due to resource limits.
But this doesn't mean they are lost.

> A rejected sample may be accepted in the future.

Reviewer 2: In *Fast DDS*, samples can be rejected due to resource limit reasons. 
However, the fact that the samples are rejected does not imply that they are lost, i.e. a rejected sample may be accepted in the future.

Author: Fixes in f97ad9c

|SampleRejectedStatusKind-api| specifies the reason of the rejection:

* |NOT_REJECTED| specifies the samples were not rejected.

* |REJECTED_BY_SAMPLES_LIMIT| specifies the samples were rejected because there is no enough resources to stored them
  and the system should guarantee the free resources are available for other samples.
  This situation occurs at lower RTPS communication layer and it happens when there are still samples with lower
  sequence number without being received and there is no enough resources for all of them because |max_samples-api| was
  reached.

* |REJECTED_BY_INSTANCES_LIMIT| specifies the samples were rejected because there is no enough resources to allocate
  their instances.

>   This situation occurs at DDS layer, in the DataReader's history, when and it should reserve resources for new
>   instances, but the history's resources reach |max_instances-api|.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This situation occurs at DDS layer, in the DataReader's history, when it should reserve resources for new
  instances but the history's resources reach |max_instances-api|.
```
